<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><title>Adding Content</title><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/></head><body><h1>Adding Content</h1>

<h2 id="minimal-html">Minimal HTML</h2>

<pre><code>&lt;!DOCTYPE html&gt;
&lt;title&gt;My Title&lt;/title&gt;

&lt;h1&gt;My Header&lt;/h1&gt;

&lt;p&gt;My content.&lt;/p&gt;</code></pre>

<h2 id="metadata">_metadata</h2>

<p>Used to populate ePub metadata.</p>

<p>Maybe be serialized as JSON or YAML.</p>

<pre><code>{
    "title": "My Title",
    "creators": {
        "The Author": ["aut"],
        "Another Author": ["aut"],
        "The Illustrator": ["ill"],
        "Creator With No Role": [],
        "Creator With Multiple Roles": ["aut", "ill"]
    }
}</code></pre>

<p><code>creators</code> is a key value mapping where keys define creator names and values define an array of creator roles. Key value pairs in <code>creators</code> will be inserted into the ePub in the order they are listed. Similarly, the roles will be inserted into the ePub in the order they are listed.</p>

<p>Creator roles must be 3 character <a href="http://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/relators.html">MARC codes</a>.</p>

<p>Each language in <code>languages</code> must conform to the requirements defined by the ePub specs.</p>

<p>Optional parameters:</p>

<dl>
    <dt><code>languages</code></dt>
    <dd>Array of strings (defaults to <code>["en"]) which specify the languages used in the ePub.</code></dd>

    <dt><code>cover</code></dt>
    <dd>String which specifies the relative path to the cover image. This image should be in a file format that is supported by the ePub specs. If this value is not specified, a default cover will be generated and included.</dd>

    <dt><code>css</code></dt>
    <dd>Array of strings (defaults to empty array) which specifies the order in which css files should be linked. Any remaining css files will be linked in lexicographical order.</dd>

    <dt><code>js</code></dt>
    <dd>Array of strings (defaults to empty array) which specifies the order in which js files should be linked. Any remaining js files will be linked in lexicographical order.</dd>

    <dt><code>date</code></dt>
    <dd>String (defaults to date time now) which specifies the publication date. This parameter should be formatted according to ePub specs.</dd>

    <dt><code>identifier</code></dt>
    <dd>String which specifies the unique identifier of the ePub. If not specified, a URN UUID will be generated.</dd>
</dl>

<h2 id="nav">_nav</h2>

<p>Used to construct ePub navigation document.</p>

<p>Maybe be serialized as JSON or YAML.</p>

<p>Contains an array of recursive node objects, where each node has three properties: <code>text</code>, <code>href</code> and <code>children</code>.</p>

<p>Make sure <code>href</code> contains a file with <code>.xhtml</code> extension.</p>

<pre><code>[
    {
        "text": "Title of File 1",
        "href": "file_1.xhtml",
        "children": [
            {
                "text": "Title of Nested File 1",
                "href": "nested_file_1.xhtml",
                "children": [
                    {
                        "text": "First Heading",
                        "href": "nested_file_1.xhtml#my-id-1",
                        "children": []
                    },
                    {
                        "text": "Second Heading",
                        "href": "nested_file_1.xhtml#my-id-2",
                        "children": []
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "text": "Title of File 2",
        "href": "file_2.xhtml",
        "children": []
    }
]</code></pre></body></html>