<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <title>Adding Content</title>
        <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <link href="css/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
            <header>
                <h1></h1>
            </header>
            <h1>Adding Content</h1>
            
            <h2 id="minimal-html">Minimal HTML</h2>
            
<pre><code>&lt;!DOCTYPE html&gt;
&lt;title&gt;My Title&lt;/title&gt;

&lt;h1&gt;My Header&lt;/h1&gt;

&lt;p&gt;My content.&lt;/p&gt;</code></pre>
            
            <h2 id="metadata-json">_metadata.json</h2>
            
            <p>Used to populate ePub metadata.</p>
            
<pre><code>{
    "title": "My Title",
    "creators": {
        "The Author": ["aut"],
        "Another Author": ["aut"],
        "The Illustrator": ["ill"],
        "Creator With No Role": null,
        "Creator With Multiple Roles": ["aut", "ill"]
    }
    "languages": [
        "en",
        "some other language"
    ]
}</code></pre>
            
            <p><code>creators</code> is a key value mapping where keys define creator names and values define an array of creator roles. Key value pairs in <code>creators</code> will be inserted into the ePub in the order they are listed. Similarly, the roles will be inserted into the ePub in the order they are listed.</p>
            
            <p>Creator roles must be 3 character <a href="http://id.loc.gov/vocabulary/relators.html">MARC codes</a>. Creator roles are optional: a value of <code>null</code> may be assigned,</p>
            
            <p>Each language in <code>languages</code> must conform to the requirements defined by the ePub specs.</p>
            
            <p>Optional parameters:</p>
            
            <ul>
                <li><code>date</code> parameter is a string (defaults to date time now) which specifies the publication date. This parameter should be formatted according to ePub specs.</li>
                <li><code>css</code> parameter is an array of strings (defaults to empty array) which specifies the order in which css files should be linked. If this parameter is not specified, then css files will be linked in lexicographical order.</li>
                <li><code>cover</code> parameter is a string (defaults to "img/cover.jpg") which specifies the relative path to the cover image. This image should be in a file format that is supported by the ePub specs.</li>
            </ul>
            
            <h2 id="nav-json">_nav.json</h2>
            
            <p>Used to construct ePub navigation document.</p>
            
            <p>Contains an array of recursive <code>nav_node</code> objects, where each <code>nav_node</code> has a single key value pair mapping <code>href</code> to an array of <code>nav_node</code>.</p>
            
            <p>Make sure <code>href</code> contains a file with <code>.xhtml</code> extension.</p>
            
<pre><code>[
    {
        "file_1.xhtml": [
            {
                "nested_file_1.xhtml": [
                    {
                        "nested_file_1.xhtml#my-id-1": []
                    },
                    {
                        "nested_file_2.xhtml#my-id-2": []
                    },
                    {
                        "nested_file_1.xhtml#my-id-3": []
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
]</code></pre>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>