<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <title>Building ePubs</title>
        <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <link href="css/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
            <header>
                <h1></h1>
            </header>
            <h1>Building ePubs</h1>
            
            <h2>Manually Building</h2>
            
            <h3>Install or update EPUBCheck</h3>
<pre><code>python -m epub.check</code></pre>
            
            <h3>Create ePub contents from template</h3>
            <p>The .xhtml files can be deployed on the web (Github Pages) without any modification.</p>
<pre>usage: python -m templates.simple [-h] projects [projects ...]

Create ePub contents from template.

positional arguments:
    projects    List of projects. Each project should be a subdirectory of the html directory.

optional arguments:
    -h, --help  show this help message and exit</pre>
            
            <h3>Zip ePub contents into a single .epub file</h3>
<pre>usage: python -m epub.zipping [-h] [-c [{0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9}]] [-s] projects [projects ...]

Zip ePub contents into a single .epub file.

positional arguments:
    projects              List of projects. Each project should be a subdirectory of the html directory.

optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    -c [{0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9}], --compress-level [{0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9}]
                          Compression level to use for the output .epub file. Default value is 0: no compression.
    -s, --skip-epubcheck  Skip epubcheck for the output .epub files. Default is false. It is highly recommended to run epubcheck.</pre>
            
            <h2>Automated Building</h2>
            <p>There is also a GitHub Workflow <code>Create Release ePubs</code> found in <code>create-release-epubs.yml</code> which will automatically build ePubs when unzipped files are uploaded to <code>epub/</code>.</p>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>