<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
    <head>
        <title>Plugins</title>
        <meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
        <link href="css/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    </head>
    <body>
        <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
            <header>
                <h1></h1>
            </header>
            <h1>Plugins</h1>
            
            <p>Plugins add additional functionality. Before using a plugin, run:</p>
            
<pre><code>python -m pip install -r "./plugins/{GROUPING}/{PLUGIN}/requirements.txt"</code></pre>
            
            <p>Then, tweak the settings file at <code>./plugins/{GROUPING}/{PLUGIN}/settings.json</code> if necessary.</p>
            
            <h2 id="calibre">Calibre</h2>
            
            <h3 id="calibre-sync">Sync</h3>
            
<pre>usage: python -m plugins.calibre.sync [-h] projects [projects ...]

Sync projects with Calibre. Make sure you have Calibre installed.

positional arguments:
    projects    List of projects. Each project should be a subdirectory of the html directory.

optional arguments:
    -h, --help  show this help message and exit</pre>
            
            <p>Settings:</p>
            
            <ul>
                <li><code>PORTABLE</code>: Used to specify location of Calibre executables. For instance, if you want to use a Calibre Portable install you might use something like <code>"/Calibre Portable/Calibre"</code></li>
                <li><code>LIBRARY</code>: Used to specify location of Calibre library. For instance, if you want to use a Calibre Portable install you might use something like <code>"/Calibre Portable/Calibre Library"</code></li>
            </ul>
            
            <h2 id="comicbook">Comicbook</h2>
            
            <p>Comic book projects are assumed to have a special structure.</p>
            
            <p>The general storage structure is <code>"./html/{PROJECT}/{VOLUME}/{CHAPTER}/{PAGE}"</code>, where each page is an image file.</p>
            
            <p>For each chapter, there is a corresponding HTML file <code>"./html/{PROJECT}/{VOLUME}/{CHAPTER}.html"</code> which includes all the pages of that chapter.</p>
            
            <p>The <code>_nav.json</code> has a special organization as well:</p>
            
<pre><code>[
    {
        "Volume1/FirstChapterOfVolume.xhtml": [
            {
                "Volume1/Chapter2.xhtml": []
            },
            {
                "Volume1/Chapter3.xhtml": []
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "Volume2/OnlyChapterOfVolume.xhtml": []
    }
]</code></pre>
            
            <h3 id="comicbook-imports">Imports</h3>
            
<pre>usage: python -m plugins.comicbook.imports [-h] [-n] project volume chapter

Imports a comic book chapter into a project.

positional arguments:
    project           Project to add to. Project should be a subdirectory of the html directory.
    volume            Volume in the project to add to. Volume should be a subdirectory of the project directory.
    chapter           Chapter to add. Chapter is a path to a directory of images or a .cbz file.

optional arguments:
    -h, --help        show this help message and exit
    -n, --new-volume  Specifies that the volume does not currently exist. A new volume will be created.</pre>
            
            <h3 id="comicbook-exports">Exports</h3>
            
<pre>usage: python -m plugins.comicbook.exports [-h] [-c [{0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9}]] destination project [volume] [chapter]

Exports a comic book project.

positional arguments:
    destination           The destination path for the export. Should be a cbz file.
    project               Project to export. Project should be a subdirectory of the html directory.
    volume                Volume in the project to export. Volume should be a subdirectory of the project directory. If not specified, the entire project will be exported.
    chapter               Chapter in the volume to export. Chapter should be a subdirectory of the volume directory. If not specified, the entire volume will be exported.

optional arguments:
    -h, --help            show this help message and exit
    -c [{0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9}], --compress-level [{0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9}]
                          Compression level to use for the destination .cbz file.</pre>
        </section>
    </body>
</html>